Update understanding gui tutorial (#570)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/understanding_gui/step_06/step_06.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_06.py" download>Step 6</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

!!! warning "For Notebooks"

    The "Getting Started" Notebook is available [here](../../../../getting_started/getting_started.ipynb). In Taipy GUI, the process to execute a Jupyter Notebook is different from executing a Python Script.
    It is important to check the [Notebook](../../../../getting_started/getting_started.ipynb) content and see the [documentation](../../../../manuals/gui/notebooks.md).

# Step 6: Page layout

> You have created a full forecasting application that predicts across multiple days with different parameters in just a few steps. However, the page's layout could be greatly improved. Three new useful controls will be used to get a more aesthetically pleasing page. These are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've successfully built a comprehensive forecasting application capable of making predictions for multiple days 
with various parameters in just a few steps. Nevertheless, there is room for substantial improvement 
in the page's layout. We'll introduce three new helpful controls to enhance the page's visual appeal. 
These controls are:
```
